you
It's an illusion
Is illusion
You and I are in the same family
I don't want to kill you.
Otherwise, you would have died just now.
God's bones can only evolve into the king of muscles and bones
To create illusions
It seems that this is the top power of the divine bone
I think I just entered the pastoral gate
It is the senior brother and daughter who host the big song
If you don't repent
This is the last time I change your senior brother
You follow up first.
No cultivation at all
I didn't expect today
He actually created an illusion by himself
But I'm not who I used to be
Don't use these dirty tricks if you have the ability
Let's have a proper duel
senior brother
Please enlighten me.
Flowers
The fear in my heart has been released by the power of the devil world
You can't beat him
If I pass on the power of your devil world as a teacher
You and I are mentors and apprentices
Bai Wei took out the divine bone
Kill a kid to avenge you
No, no.
Ahhh
Hahahaha
We'll see.
senior brother
Elder Lei Nian
Chief of Crucian Carp
The next most important thing is the head
I know I will definitely go back and stop him
senior brother